---
published: false
---
Randy and I have been in CTO roles for different companies over the past 15 years. We've also been developers, executives, sales people, call center representatives, project managers, along with a myriad of other titles over the years. We stay up-to-date with most of the latest trends but are experienced enough to not going chasing every shiny object that comes by right away. We decided to take some of the hard lessons we've learned over the years and share them with you.

We envision CTO Think as a place where anyone can come to pick up information on all the technical things related to running a business - and it can be any business, not just software/technology companies. One of the companies Don consults with is a commercial maintenance company where the only technologies involved are the various portals used by the different client companies, yet Don has been able to inject a little bit of technology to greatly improve production.

You, the reader, might come from many places. You might be an entreprenuer, ready to launch an idea but unsure of all the technical angles. You might be a developer whose role has expanded and you now need to figure out compliance questionnaires and other technical issues that no longer have much to do with code. You might be a fellow CTO with knowledge and experience different from ours. We want this to be a gathering place for all those different viewpoints and a location where we can all learn something different.

To that end, we want our fellow thinkers to comment on, discuss, and propose new ideas. We'll be implementing ways to do that on our site over time but we're also cross-posting this post on Medium as well. We're talking about the efficacy of forums, Slack channels, and other forms of discussion and will roll those out as we decide on them. In the meantime, if you want to send us your thoughts, please send them to thoughts@ctothink.com and we'll respond back with an e-mail, a brand new blog post, or (gasp) a correction to one of our posts if necessary.

We hope to be a current repository of information as well. When you search for answers on the Internet, you usually find a wealth of articles. However, you're never really sure of the currency of the information provided. Our promise is to review every prior blog post every couple of months and make sure it's current. If not, we'll either update it with the latest insights if the post is salvagable or remove the post altogether if what we said is no longer current.

The last thing we'll promise for today is to be respectful of your time. We won't pontificate and write posts that take 20 minutes to read. We don't like reading those and we're aiming to be digested in bite-size form. We may link to articles that give you more in-depth coverage of a specific subject or we might break a post into multiple posts so that they can be consumed a piece at a time.



